TITLE: 'Rusters'.  The corrosive action of palmar sweat: I. Sodium chloride
in sweat.
TITLE: Inflammatory middle ear diseases in patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Precipitating antibodies against Escherichia coli, Bacteroides
fragilis ss.  thetaiotaomicron and Pseudomonas aeruginosa in serum
from normal persons and cystic fibrosis patients, determined by
means of crossed immunoelectrophoresis.
TITLE: Exocrine pancreatic insufficiency, small intestinal dysfunction and
protein intolerance.  A chance occurrence or a connection?.
TITLE: Increased intracranial pressure in infants with cystic fibrosis
[letter].
TITLE: Precipitating antibodies against Haemophilus influenzae and
Staphylococcus aureus in sputum and serum from patients with cystic
fibrosis.
TITLE: IgA and IgG antibodies against surface antigens of Pseudomonas
aeruginosa in sputum and serum from patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Activated complement in the sputum from patients with cystic
fibrosis.
TITLE: Autoantibodies in serum and sputum from patients with cystic
fibrosis.
TITLE: Chronic obstructive lung disease.
TITLE: Meconium in health and in disease.
TITLE: The effect of oral zinc supplementation on plasma levels of vitamin
A and retinol-binding protein in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: The fecal microflora and bile acids in children with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Serum glycine-conjugated bile acids in pediatric hepatobiliary
disorders.
TITLE: Comparison of the chloride electrode and gravimetric chloride
titration sweat tests.
TITLE: Comparison of the errors due to the use of gauze and the use of
filter paper in the gravimetric chloride titration sweat test.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis with acute hypoelectrolytemia and metabolic
alkalosis in infancy.
TITLE: Demineralization in cystic fibrosis detected by direct photon
absorptiometry.
TITLE: Psychosocial support for adults with cystic fibrosis: a group
approach.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis in adults.  75 cases and a review of 232 cases in
the literature.
TITLE: Genetic counseling and prenatal diagnosis of cystic fibrosis
[letter].
TITLE: Quantitative evaluation of the development of the exocrine pancreas
in cystic fibrosis and control infants.
TITLE: A comparative study of inhaled atropine sulfate and isoproterenol
hydrochloride in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: The pulmonary circulation: remodeling in growth and disease.  The
1978 J. Burns Amberson lecture.
TITLE: Aspergillosis and atopy in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Maximal expiratory flows after postural drainage.
TITLE: Relationship between response to exercise and allergy in patients
with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Radioimmunoassay of trypsin.  A new aid in the assessment of
pancreatic function.
TITLE: Endobronchial balloon tamponade of hemoptysis in patients with
cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Antimicrobial susceptibilities of rough, smooth, and mucoid colony
types of Pseudomonas isolated from cystic fibrosis patients.
TITLE: Results of 10 years of screening of newborn infants for inherited
metabolic diseases in the province of Limburg (Belgium).
TITLE: Comparative trial of manual and mechanical percussion technique with
gravity-assisted bronchial drainage in patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Paediatric Research Society.  Plymouth, 15 and 16 September 1978:
Abstracts.
TITLE: Screening for cystic fibrosis in the newborn by meconium analysis.
TITLE: Pulmonary candidiasis in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Intestinal bile salts in cystic fibrosis: studies in the patient and
experimental animal.
TITLE: Possible hazard of timed-release aspirin in a patient with
pancreatic insufficiency.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis with brain abscess.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis and hearing loss.
TITLE: Vocational development and adjustment of adolescents with cystic
fibrosis.
TITLE: Pharmacokinetics of azlocillin in children with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Dying children need help too.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis: is it relevant to family practitioners?.
TITLE: Inhibition of Tamm-Horsfall glycoprotein induction of alkaline
phosphatase in cystic fibrosis fibroblasts by medium conditioned by
normal cells.
TITLE: Antibody responses to influenza virus vaccine in patients with
cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Biological activities of cystic fibrosis serum.  III.  CF serum
induced uptake of 45Ca++ by rabbit tracheal explants.
TITLE: Differential concanavalin A binding of cystic fibrosis and normal
liver alpha-L-fucosidase.
TITLE: Enzyme immunoassay of albumin as an aid to the diagnosis of cystic
fibrosis in the newborn human [proceedings].
TITLE: Induction of alkaline phosphatase in cultured human fibroblasts.
Comparison of normal cells and those from patients with cystic
fibrosis.
TITLE: Plasma membrane lipids of human diploid fibroblasts from normal
individuals and patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: 2. Theories of genetic causation in human disease.
TITLE: Bronchial artery embolization in the control of massive haemoptysis.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis in adults [editorial].
TITLE: New mechanical aid to physiotherapy in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Evaluation of the forced expiration technique as an adjunct to
postural drainage in treatment of cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Dying children need help too.
TITLE: Nocturnal elemental diet for retarded growth in a patient with
cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Lung function abnormalities in cystic fibrosis and changes during
growth.
TITLE: The role of nutritional status, airway obstruction, hypoxia and
abnormalities in serum lipid composition in limiting exercise
tolerance in children with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: One breath at a time: a family teaching program for children with
cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Noninvasive radionuclide assessment of right ventricular performance
in man.
TITLE: In vitro susceptibility of pseudomonas to four
beta-lactamantibiotics (ampicillin, cephalothin, carbenicillin,
piperacillin), to four aminoglycosides (kanamycin, amikacin,
gentamicin, tobramycin) and to colimycin.
TITLE: Echocardiographic profiles of the long-term cardiac changes in
cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Lymphocytic acid-hydrolases and response to mitogens in cystic
fibrosis.
TITLE: Measurement of regional lung function by tetrapolar electrical
impedance plethysmography.
TITLE: Evaluation of the single-breath diffusing capacity in asthma and
cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Echocardiographic abnormalities in patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Response to bronchial provocation and exercise in children with
cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: IgE mediated hypersensitivity to pancreatic extract (PE) in parents
of cystic fibrosis (CF) children.
TITLE: A study of erythrocyte fatty acids, adenosinetriphosphatase and
acetylcholinesterase in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Measurement of 4-hydroxyphenylacetic aciduria as a screening test
for small-bowel disease.
TITLE: Quality of sweat test performance in the diagnosis of cystic
fibrosis.
TITLE: Secretion of beta-N-acetylglucosaminidase isoenzymes by cultured
cystic fibrosis fibroblasts.
TITLE: Glycosidases in serum of cystic fibrosis patients.
TITLE: Carboxypeptidase B activity of cultured skin fibroblasts and
relationship to cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Decreased sialic acid and altered binding to lectins of purified
alpha 2-macroglobulin from patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Abnormal distribution of alpha-L-fucosidase in cystic fibrosis:
decreased activity in serum.
TITLE: Electrolytes and norepinephrine levels in blood of patients with
cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Primary amniotic fluid cell, skin fibroblast and liver
alpha-L-fucosidase and its relation to cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Allergy in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Heterozygote advantage in cystic fibrosis: mosquito tests.
TITLE: Deficiency of serum carboxypeptidase B-like (anaphylatoxin
inactivator, carboxypeptidase N) activity in sera from patients with
cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: False-positive 111In-labeled leukocyte scan in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Study of the oligosaccharide units from mucus glycoproteins of
meconium from normal infants and from cases of cystic fibrosis with
meconium ileus.
TITLE: Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection: pathogenesis and therapy.
TITLE: Lipids in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Obstruction of the respiratory pathways, its evaluation by methods
of functional examination of the lungs and development in patients
with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Prenatal diagnosis of cystic fibrosis [letter].
TITLE: Clinical pharmacology in a paediatric hospital.
TITLE: Protease deficiency in plasma of patients with cystic fibrosis.
Reduced reaction of 4-methylumbelliferylguanidinobenzoate with
plasma of patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Evaluation of long term tobramycin therapy in patients with cystic
fibrosis and advanced pulmonary disease.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis: decreased thermostability of alpha-mannosidase in
crude extracellular fluids of patients and carriers.
TITLE: Relationship between clinical conditions, radiographic findings and
pulmonary functions in patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Complement in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Substance P plasma levels in pregnancy and in various clinical
disorders.
TITLE: The effect of serum from patients with pancreatic disease on the
short circuit current of rat jejunum.
TITLE: Defective cellular immunity to gram-negative bacteria in cystic
fibrosis patients.
TITLE: High dosage tobramycin treatment of children with cystic fibrosis.
Bacteriological effect and clinical ototoxicity.
TITLE: The immotile-cilia syndrome and other ciliary diseases.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Tobramycin ototoxicity.  Repeated courses of high dosage treatment
in children with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Round table discussion--treatment of lower respiratory tract
infections with co-trimoxazole.
TITLE: Epidemiology of cystic fibrosis: a review.
TITLE: The impact of grief: a retrospective study of family function
following loss of a child with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Synthesis of hemoglobin Aic and related minor hemoglobin by
erythrocytes.  In vitro study of regulation.
TITLE: Serotypes and antibiotic susceptibilities of Pseudomonas aeruginosa
isolates from single sputa of cystic fibrosis patients.
TITLE: Dietary problems associated with the care of chronically sick
children.
TITLE: Inborn errors of metabolism: the need for sugar.
TITLE: Therapeutic possibilities in Pseudomonas infections.
TITLE: Multiple of isolates of Pseudomonas aeruginosa with differing
antimicrobial susceptibility patterns from patients with cystic
fibrosis.
TITLE: Summary of a workshop on infections in patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Sulfhydryl-mediated depression of ciliary activity: an adverse
effect of acetylcysteine.
TITLE: Adult cystic fibrosis: a new therapeutic challenge for the primary
care physician.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis in Northern Ireland.
TITLE: Cutaneous necrotizing venulitis in patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: HLA determinants in families with more than one member with cystic
fibrosis [letter].
TITLE: Episodic arthritis in children with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Failure to thrive, anemia, and anasarca.
TITLE: Bronchial hyperreactivity in cystic fibrosis [letter].
TITLE: A peroral test of pancreatic insufficiency with
4-(N-acetyl-L-tyrosyl)aminobenzoic acid in children with cystic
fibrosis.
TITLE: The effect of cimetidine on maldigestion in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Normal neutrophil and monocyte chemotaxis in patients with cystic
fibrosis.
TITLE: Hyperuricemia in cystic fibrosis [letter].
TITLE: Bronchial artery embolization in cystic fibrosis; technique and
long-term results.
TITLE: Reliability of sweat test in cystic fibrosis [letter].
TITLE: 25-Hydroxycholecalciferol levels in patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Reduced serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration and disordered
mineral metabolism in patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Serum concentrations of 25-hydroxyvitamin D and
24,25-dihydroxyvitamin D in patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Atypical cystic fibrosis of the pancreas with normal levels of sweat
chloride and minimal pancreatic lesions.
TITLE: Noninvasive evaluation of ventricular function in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Aminoglycoside clearance in patients with cystic fibrosis [letter].
TITLE: A placebo-controlled trial of cephalexin therapy in the ambulatory
management of patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: False positive sweat test, malnutrition, and the Mauriac syndrome.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis in two black children with sickle cell anemia.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis and malnutrition.
TITLE: Preatherosclerotic aortic lesions in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: PABA-test for diagnosis of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency
[letter].
TITLE: Brain abscess and cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Meconium ileus: laparotomy without resection, anastomosis, or
enterostomy.
TITLE: The effect of histamine, metiamide and cystic fibrosis factor on the
electrophysiological properties of the frog's gastric mucosa
[proceedings].
TITLE: The chronically ligated submandibular salivary duct of the rabbit as
a possible model for cystic fibrosis [proceedings].
TITLE: Sweat tests [letter].
TITLE: The sweat test for cystic fibrosis [letter].
TITLE: Immunoreactive serum trypsin in diseases of the pancreas.
TITLE: Differential pathology of nasal polyps in cystic fibrosis and atopy.
TITLE: Sensitive trypsin assay for dried-blood specimens as a screening
procedure for early detection of cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Detection of cystic fibrosis with plasma hydrolases [letter].
TITLE: Dried blood spot screening for cystic fibrosis [letter].
TITLE: Age dependence of serum angiotensin-converting enzyme activity
[letter].
TITLE: Methylumbelliferyl-guanidinobenzoate reactive proteases and prenatal
diagnosis of cystic fibrosis [letter].
TITLE: Screening for cystic fibrosis [letter].
TITLE: Serum-angiotensin-converting-enzyme in chronic granulomatous disease
[letter].
TITLE: Dried-blood spot screening for cystic fibrosis in the newborn.
TITLE: Allergy and bronchial hyperreactivity in cystic fibrosis [editorial].
TITLE: Serum-immunoreactive-trypsin concentrations in cystic fibrosis
[letter].
TITLE: Methylumbelliferyl-guanidinobenzoate reactive proteases in amniotic
fluid: possible marker for cystic fibrosis [letter].
TITLE: Plasma hydrolases in cystic fibrosis [letter].
TITLE: Mechanical chest physiotherapy [editorial].
TITLE: Detection of cystic fibrosis homozygotes and heterozygotes with
plasma [letter].
TITLE: Arginine esterase in amniotic fluid: possible marker for cystic
fibrosis [letter].
TITLE: Detection of cystic fibrosis homozygotes and heterozygotes with
plasma.
TITLE: Differential incorporation of 3H-thymidine into DNA in cultured skin
fibroblasts derived from patients with cystic fibrosis and controls.
TITLE: Animal model for cystic fibrosis: pulmonary clearance of
Staphylococcus aureus in mice treated with reserpine.
TITLE: Increased resistance to influenza as a possible source of
heterozygote advantage in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Pathogenesis of cystic fibrosis: possible importance of alteration
in epithelial surface topography.
TITLE: Alkaline phosphatase induction in cystic fibrosis fibroblasts
[letter].
TITLE: Improved survival of patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Alkaline phosphatase induction in cystic fibrosis fibroblasts
[letter].
TITLE: The short-term effects of chest physiotherapy on lung function tests
in children with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Effect of four physiotherapy schedules on pulmonary function in
children with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Relationship between clinical conditions, chest radiographic
findings and respiratory function tests in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: A new percussion aid for cystic fibrosis patients.
TITLE: The mechanism of autogenic drainage studied with flow volume curves.
TITLE: Intestinal lactase deficiency in newborns with cystic
fibrosis--dietary consequences.
TITLE: Ultrastructure of the bronchial epithelium in children with cystic
fibrosis.
TITLE: Recent research in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Relevance of second messengers in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Trace element malabsorption in exocrine pancreatic insufficiency.
TITLE: Prostaglandins and cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Operational definition of cystic fibrosis.  I.
TITLE: Alpha-glucosidase in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Postprandial total serum bile acid concentrations in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: The cystic fibrosis gene, IgE and IgG4.
TITLE: Bronchial reactivity in children with cystic fibrosis and other
recurrent or chronic bronchopulmonary diseases.
TITLE: Increased serum TSH response to TRH in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Factors influencing the frequency of cystic fibrosis in South West
Africa.
TITLE: The effect of cystic fibrosis and non-cystic fibrosis plasma on
electrophysiological responses in isolated frog gastric mucosa.
TITLE: Fatty acid supplementation in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Bronchial provocation tests in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: The local immune status in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Complement activation and pulmonary inflammation in CF patients.
TITLE: Protein, IgA, secretory IgA, IgG and electrolytes as parameters of
parotid gland function in children with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Precipitating antibodies against E. coli, B. fragilis, and P.
aeruginosa in CF patients and normal persons determined by means of
crossed immunoelectrophoresis.
TITLE: Screening for cystic fibrosis in the newborn.
TITLE: Sulphated glycoproteins in the pancreas.
TITLE: An evaluation of the meconium 'lactase test' for the detection of
cystic fibrosis in the newborn.
TITLE: Two children with cystic fibrosis and myocardial fibrosis.
TITLE: Chemical comparison of normal and cystic fibrosis meconium: a
quantitative and qualitative analysis of carbohydrate splitting
enzymes.
TITLE: The use and abuse of antibiotics, including in management of
pulmonary manifestations in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Long-term tobramycin therapy in patients with cystic fibrosis and
advanced pulmonary disease.
TITLE: Bioavailability of oral antibiotics in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Progress in screening.
TITLE: Diagnosing cystic fibrosis in adults [letter].
TITLE: Case records of the Massachusetts General Hospital.  Weekly
clinicopathological exercises.  Case 8-1979.
TITLE: Mitochondrial calcium uptake and oxygen consumption in cystic
fibrosis.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis and erroneous sweat tests.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis: a disease of unknown causes.
TITLE: Prone immersion physical exercise therapy in three children with
cystic fibrosis: a pilot study.
TITLE: Anemia, hypoproteinemia and edema in an infant with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Serum vitamin D and related mineral metabolism in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: The pyridine scale for clinical measurement of olfactory threshold:
a quantitative reevaluation.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis in adults: an autopsy study.
TITLE: Invited review.  The technique and scope of electron-probe X-ray
analysis in pathology.
TITLE: Genetic aspects of pediatric lung disease.
TITLE: Perspectives in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Increased heparin binding in cystic fibrosis: a reflection of
altered glycoprotein biosynthesis?.
TITLE: The chronically reserpinized rat as an animal model for cystic
fibrosis: I. Acute effect of isoproterenol and pilocarpine upon
pulmonary lavage fluid.
TITLE: Altered polyamine metabolism in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Chronically reserpinized rat as a model for cystic fibrosis: Na+
transport inhibitory effect in submaxillary saliva.
TITLE: Evidence against a specific effect of serum from patients with
cystic fibrosis on sodium-dependent glucose transport in the rat
jejunum.
TITLE: Altered intracellular calcium in fibroblasts from patients with
cystic fibrosis and heterozygotes.
TITLE: Anomalous alpha 2-macroglobulin-protease complexes in cystic
fibrosis: decreased uptake of the complexes by fibroblasts in
culture.
TITLE: Inhibitory effect of cystic fibrosis serum on pseudomonas
phagocytosis by rabbit and human alveolar macrophages.
TITLE: Serum ciliotoxic activity in mutant mice with some hereditary
alterations resembling cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Binding of 125I-labeled proteinases to plasma proteins in cystic
fibrosis.
TITLE: Serum salivary amylase in cystic fibrosis [letter].
TITLE: Development of an improved tracheal explant bioassay for the
detection of the ciliary dyskinesia factor in cystic fibrosis serum.
TITLE: Laser light-scattering spectroscopy: preliminary results on bioassay
of cystic fibrosis factor(s).
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis serum effect on the short circuit current of rat
jejunum.
TITLE: Detection of cystic fibrosis protein by isoelectric focusing of
serum [letter].
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis protein, a confirmed diagnostic marker for detecting
heterozygote carriers: significance in relation to future screening
and to a proposed primary defect in alpha 2-macroglobulin.
TITLE: Serum factor in cystic fibrosis: correlation with clinical
parameters.
TITLE: Intravenous linoleic acid supplementation in children with cystic
fibrosis.
TITLE: The chest roentgenogram in cystic fibrosis: a new scoring system.
TITLE: Negative effects of oral fatty acid supplementation on sweat
chloride in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Hypoelectrolytemia and metabolic alkalosis in infants with cystic
fibrosis.
TITLE: Multifocal myocardial necrosis and fibrosis in pancreatic diseases
of children.
TITLE: Vitamin E: where do we stand?.
TITLE: Metabolic alkalosis in infants with cystic fibrosis [letter].
TITLE: An evaluation of the forced expiration technique as an adjunct to
postural drainage.
TITLE: A rapid procedure for the large scale purification of elastase and
cathepsin G from human sputum.
TITLE: Mitrochondrial NADH dehydrogenase in cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis: potential management through manipulation of the
secretory process in affected exocrine glands.
TITLE: Changing patterns of genetic counseling in a cystic fibrosis center.
TITLE: New test to detect carriers of gene for cystic fibrosis [news].
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis--its surgical presentation.
TITLE: Chemotherapy of chronic infections with mucoid Pseudomonas
aeruginosa in lower airways of patients with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Proteins in bronchial secretion of children with chronic pulmonary
diseases.  I. Relation to clinical diagnosis.
TITLE: Proteins in bronchial secretion of children with chronic pulmonary
diseases.  II.  Relation to bronchoscopic and bronchographic
examination.
TITLE: Killing of fibroblasts by dexamethasone or dibutyryl adenosine
3',5'-monophosphate is not a valid test for cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Premature senescence in cultured skin fibroblasts from subjects with
cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis in adolescents and young adults.
TITLE: Implications of cystic fibrosis for health services and the
afflicted.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis: diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis.
TITLE: Distal splenorenal shunt for decompression of portal hypertension in
children with cystic fibrosis.
TITLE: Cystic fibrosis: review of investigations of the mucociliary
inhibitor.
TITLE: "Small airways disease" in children: no test is best.
TITLE: Detection of a lectin in the blood of cystic fibrosis homozygotes
and heterozygotes.
TITLE: Deficiencies of essential fatty acids and vitamin E in cystic
fibrosis.
